Ridgewell brunch water strike
absolutely beautifully no chance for
Brad Guzan in the goal there no chance
he was stopping that water strike what a
start to this game for West Bromwich
Albion teamer any great favors there
Pedro busquets lay a message ribbon
across to face a girl Alexei it's war
now i'm not sure if you meant that but
he's not going to complain is he alexis
sanchez alone he's absolutely unmarked
no one is covering him possible offside
against Cesc have to say and I'm pretty
sure that's a cross if you look like and
I think Cesc who goes for the ball is
possibly offside in the middle it's
Morales not especially
absolutely sensational strike that
actually fit the side-netting told away
from google everything about that was
absolutely Cameron one waters peeling
away are now to bitch
it's a measured holiday colares so she
owned a al ginocchio Sinestro senza
contacto con la verse re o al cuarenta
qua Tracy motala distanza con determine
a co con trai Toria venenosa immobile ax
abramova livorno for a muta mess again
Loretta Riccardo Montolivo Amaro le paro
telly telly valuta
binder a recession
did